README.md, before:

# tf_subnets

## Module Usage

### Argument Reference

Note: this module is intended for use with existing VPC and existing
Internet Gateway.
You should use [tf_vpc](https://github.com/cloudposse/tf_vpc) module if
you plan to use new (separate) VPC.

* `availability_zones`: (Required) List of AZ.
* `name`: (Required) Name of these resources
* `region`: (Required) AWS region. Used to find remote state.
* `stage`: (Required) Stage associated with these resources
* `namespace`: (Required) Namespace associated with these resources
* `vpc_id`: (Required) AWS Virtual Private Cloud ID.
* `vpc_default_route_table_id`: A default route table for public subnets. Provides access to Internet. If not set here - will be created.
* `create_network_acl`: The new set of ACLs that will be associated with these resources

Simple example
```
module "subnets" {
  source = "git::https://github.com/cloudposse/tf_subnets.git?ref=master"

  availability_zones         = "${var.availability_zones}"
  namespace                  = "${var.namespace}"
  name                       = "${var.name}"
  stage                      = "${var.stage}"
  region                     = "${var.region}"
  vpc_id                     = "${var.vpc_id}"
  cidr_block                 = "${var.cidr_block}"
  vpc_default_route_table_id = "${var.vpc_default_route_table_id}"
  create_network_acl         = true
  depends_on                 = ["${module.vpc.internet_gateway_id}"]
}
```

Advanced example
```
data "aws_vpc" "default" {
  id = "${var.vpc_id}"
}

module "subnets" {
  source = "git::https://github.com/cloudposse/tf_subnets.git?ref=master"

  availability_zones         = "${var.availability_zones}"
  namespace                  = "${var.namespace}"
  name                       = "${var.name}"
  stage                      = "${var.stage}"
  region                     = "${var.region}"
  vpc_id                     = "${data.aws_vpc.default.id}"
  cidr_block                 = "${data.aws_vpc.default.cidr_block}"
  vpc_default_route_table_id = "${var.vpc_default_route_table_id}"
  create_network_acl         = true
  depends_on                 = ["${module.vpc.internet_gateway_id}"]
}
```

## Variables

|  Name                        |  Default       |  Description                                                                                                                         | Required |
|:----------------------------:|:--------------:|:------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------:|:--------:|
| namespace                    | ``             | Namespace (e.g. `cp` or `cloudposse`)                                                                                                | Yes      |
| stage                        | ``             | Stage (e.g. `prod`, `dev`, `staging`)                                                                                                | Yes      |
| name                         | ``             | Name  (e.g. `bastion` or `db`)                                                                                                       | Yes      |
| region                       | ``             | AWS Region where module should operate (e.g. `us-east-1`)                                                                            | Yes      |
| vpc_id                       | ``             | The VPC ID where subnets will be created (e.g. `vpc-aceb2723`)                                                                       | Yes      |
| cidr_block                   | ``             | The base CIDR block which will be divided into subnet CIDR blocks (e.g. `10.0.0.0/16`)                                               | Yes      |
| vpc_default_route_table_id   | ``             | The default route table for public subnets. Provides access to the Internet. If not set here, will be created. (e.g. `rtb-f4f0ce12`) | No       |
| availability_zones           | []             | The list of Availability Zones where subnets will be created (e.g. `["us-eas-1a", "us-eas-1b"]`)                                     | Yes      |
| create_network_acl           | false          | Will create new set of ACLs that will be associated with these resources                                                             | No       |
| depends_on                   | []             | List of dependencies                                                                                                                 | No       |



## TL;DR

`tf_subnets` creates a set of subnets based on `${var.cidr_block}` input
and amount of Availability Zones in a region.

For subnet set calculation `tf_subnets` uses TF
[cidrsubnet](https://www.terraform.io/docs/configuration/interpolation.html#cidrsubnet-iprange-newbits-netnum-)
interpolation.

### Calculation logic

```
${
  cidrsubnet(
  signum(length(var.cidr_block)) == 1 ?
  var.cidr_block : data.aws_vpc.default.cidr_block,
  ceil(log(length(data.aws_availability_zones.available.names) * 2, 2)),
  count.index)
}
```


1. Use `${var.cidr_block}` input (if specified) or
   use a VPC CIDR block `data.aws_vpc.default.cidr_block` (e.g. `10.0.0.0/16`)
2. Get number of available AZ in the region (e.g. `length(data.aws_availability_zones.available.names)`)
3. Calculate `newbits`. `newbits` number tells on how many subnets will
   be CIDR block (input or VPC) divided. `newbits` is an amount of `binary digits`.

    Example:

    `newbits = 1` - 2 subnets are available (`1 binary digit` allows to count up to `2`)

    `newbits = 2` - 4 subnets are available (`2 binary digits` allows to count up to `4`)

    `newbits = 3` - 8 subnets are available (`3 binary digits` allows to count up to `8`)


    etc.


    1. We know, that we have `6` AZs in a `us-east-1` region (see step 2).
    2. We need to create `1 public` subnet and `1 private` subnet in each AZ,
       thus we need to create `12 subnets` in total (`6` AZs * (`1 public` + `1 private`)).
    3. We need `4 binary digits` for that ( 2<sup>4</sup> = 16 ).
       In order to calculate amount of `binary digits` we should use `logarithm`
       function. We should use logarithm for `base 2` because decimal numbers
       can be calculated as `powers` of binary number.
       See [Wiki](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Binary_number#Decimal)
       for more details

       Example:

       For `12 subnets` we need `3.58` amount `binary digits` (log<sub>2</sub>12)

       For `16 subnets` we need `4` amount `binary digits` (log<sub>2</sub>16)

       For `7 subnets` we need `2.81` amount `binary digits` (log<sub>2</sub>7)

       etc.

    4. We can't calculate amount `binary digits` using fractional values.
       We can't round it down because smaller amount `binary digits` is
       insufficient for required number calculation.
       Thus we should round it up. See TF [ceil](https://www.terraform.io/docs/configuration/interpolation.html#ceil-float-).

       Example:

       For `12 subnets` we need `4` amount `binary digits` (ceil(log<sub>2</sub>12))

       For `16 subnets` we need `4` amount `binary digits` (ceil(log<sub>2</sub>16))

       For `7 subnets` we need `3` amount `binary digits` (ceil(log<sub>2</sub>7))

       etc.

    5. Assign private subnets according to AZ number (we're using `count.index` for that).
    6. Assign public subnets according to AZ number but with shift.
       Using shift number according to amount of AZs in a region (see step 2)
       (we're using `length(data.aws_availability_zones.available.names) + count.index` for that)

Commit message:

ACL for private-public subnets

README.md, after:

# tf_subnets

## Module Usage

### Argument Reference

Note: this module is intended for use with existing VPC and existing
Internet Gateway.
You should use [tf_vpc](https://github.com/cloudposse/tf_vpc) module if
you plan to use new (separate) VPC.

* `availability_zones`: (Required) List of AZ.
* `name`: (Required) Name of these resources
* `region`: (Required) AWS region. Used to find remote state.
* `stage`: (Required) Stage associated with these resources
* `namespace`: (Required) Namespace associated with these resources
* `vpc_id`: (Required) AWS Virtual Private Cloud ID.
* `vpc_default_route_table_id`: A default route table for public subnets. Provides access to Internet. If not set here - will be created.
* `create_network_acl`: The new set of ACLs that will be associated with these resources

Simple example
```
module "subnets" {
  source = "git::https://github.com/cloudposse/tf_subnets.git?ref=master"

  availability_zones         = "${var.availability_zones}"
  namespace                  = "${var.namespace}"
  name                       = "${var.name}"
  stage                      = "${var.stage}"
  region                     = "${var.region}"
  vpc_id                     = "${var.vpc_id}"
  cidr_block                 = "${var.cidr_block}"
  vpc_default_route_table_id = "${var.vpc_default_route_table_id}"
  public_network_acl_id      = "${var.public_network_acl_id}"
  private_network_acl_id     = "${var.private_network_acl_id}"
  depends_on                 = ["${module.vpc.internet_gateway_id}"]
}
```


## Variables

|  Name                        |  Default       |  Description                                                                                                                         | Required |
|:----------------------------:|:--------------:|:------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------:|:--------:|
| namespace                    | ``             | Namespace (e.g. `cp` or `cloudposse`)                                                                                                | Yes      |
| stage                        | ``             | Stage (e.g. `prod`, `dev`, `staging`)                                                                                                | Yes      |
| name                         | ``             | Name  (e.g. `bastion` or `db`)                                                                                                       | Yes      |
| region                       | ``             | AWS Region where module should operate (e.g. `us-east-1`)                                                                            | Yes      |
| vpc_id                       | ``             | The VPC ID where subnets will be created (e.g. `vpc-aceb2723`)                                                                       | Yes      |
| cidr_block                   | ``             | The base CIDR block which will be divided into subnet CIDR blocks (e.g. `10.0.0.0/16`)                                               | Yes      |
| vpc_default_route_table_id   | ``             | The default route table for public subnets. Provides access to the Internet. If not set here, will be created. (e.g. `rtb-f4f0ce12`) | No       |
| availability_zones           | []             | The list of Availability Zones where subnets will be created (e.g. `["us-eas-1a", "us-eas-1b"]`)                                     | Yes      |
| public_network_acl_id        | ``             | Network ACL ID that will be added to public subnets.  If empty, a new ACL will be created                                            | No       |
| private_network_acl_id       | ``             | Network ACL ID that will be added to private subnets.  If empty, a new ACL will be created                                           | No       |
| depends_on                   | []             | List of dependencies                                                                                                                 | No       |



## TL;DR

`tf_subnets` creates a set of subnets based on `${var.cidr_block}` input
and amount of Availability Zones in a region.

For subnet set calculation `tf_subnets` uses TF
[cidrsubnet](https://www.terraform.io/docs/configuration/interpolation.html#cidrsubnet-iprange-newbits-netnum-)
interpolation.

### Calculation logic

```
${
  cidrsubnet(
  signum(length(var.cidr_block)) == 1 ?
  var.cidr_block : data.aws_vpc.default.cidr_block,
  ceil(log(length(data.aws_availability_zones.available.names) * 2, 2)),
  count.index)
}
```


1. Use `${var.cidr_block}` input (if specified) or
   use a VPC CIDR block `data.aws_vpc.default.cidr_block` (e.g. `10.0.0.0/16`)
2. Get number of available AZ in the region (e.g. `length(data.aws_availability_zones.available.names)`)
3. Calculate `newbits`. `newbits` number tells on how many subnets will
   be CIDR block (input or VPC) divided. `newbits` is an amount of `binary digits`.

    Example:

    `newbits = 1` - 2 subnets are available (`1 binary digit` allows to count up to `2`)

    `newbits = 2` - 4 subnets are available (`2 binary digits` allows to count up to `4`)

    `newbits = 3` - 8 subnets are available (`3 binary digits` allows to count up to `8`)


    etc.


    1. We know, that we have `6` AZs in a `us-east-1` region (see step 2).
    2. We need to create `1 public` subnet and `1 private` subnet in each AZ,
       thus we need to create `12 subnets` in total (`6` AZs * (`1 public` + `1 private`)).
    3. We need `4 binary digits` for that ( 2<sup>4</sup> = 16 ).
       In order to calculate amount of `binary digits` we should use `logarithm`
       function. We should use logarithm for `base 2` because decimal numbers
       can be calculated as `powers` of binary number.
       See [Wiki](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Binary_number#Decimal)
       for more details

       Example:

       For `12 subnets` we need `3.58` amount `binary digits` (log<sub>2</sub>12)

       For `16 subnets` we need `4` amount `binary digits` (log<sub>2</sub>16)

       For `7 subnets` we need `2.81` amount `binary digits` (log<sub>2</sub>7)

       etc.

    4. We can't calculate amount `binary digits` using fractional values.
       We can't round it down because smaller amount `binary digits` is
       insufficient for required number calculation.
       Thus we should round it up. See TF [ceil](https://www.terraform.io/docs/configuration/interpolation.html#ceil-float-).

       Example:

       For `12 subnets` we need `4` amount `binary digits` (ceil(log<sub>2</sub>12))

       For `16 subnets` we need `4` amount `binary digits` (ceil(log<sub>2</sub>16))

       For `7 subnets` we need `3` amount `binary digits` (ceil(log<sub>2</sub>7))

       etc.

    5. Assign private subnets according to AZ number (we're using `count.index` for that).
    6. Assign public subnets according to AZ number but with shift.
       Using shift number according to amount of AZs in a region (see step 2)
       (we're using `length(data.aws_availability_zones.available.names) + count.index` for that)
